now in this case will be one of the opening attractions of the show's
musician met today in great pitch the band is also our guest here in the
university or beer now the band extension restart
it's absolutely shocking in the state
Now is
It's no wonder that the place is
Earth
I will take q per year
second murilo flowers located in the region we will wait pear
Fabrice Ricardo
the course started to burn
Earth
the jail
on here
when it came about with the resumption of the agreement
that high sertao vocalista
that's what moves me
andré, we here
but he joined niro
an important way
It's really good.
right after the collision
in the document
with this the New York Stock Exchange trade
then with fashion change are things
two girls stood on the bench
then he arrived with a mix np 2 cut he denied having practiced
Until today
seeks to work with music and those who have been 1
kind of forgotten
by teachers layoffs and college
I do not know if it's out there.
there looking
gives the final word of 2001
men lie regional
with 124 70
as in music
wake with
so much with the face of the people every moment
fly
valtenir player
and the following Saturday at the moment still on the bench of musicians year
that they think by the system under the acronym
that she was made years of the band I think they existed this was made in Bahia
but another side of the musicians
a photo monument we hope the music appeared
and the other is called ppps in the fourth consecutive month
There is a song that I did.
I read the letter
it is based on the fourth dudu panty
food items
we are extremely strong offensive momentum
we intend in the future and three versions well
and next week they will be making books available
and fans could account for the UN but that is abandoned
in a good way for whoever you want
to have access to the waterfront liked this news josé saramago
Miguel
the elected mayor was abandoned
cleaned number 13 8 8 0 3 3 1 4 time
and talk to bruno bruno henriques
It was so so in the 8th and 5th 62 3 talk to me
we also have the band hymen
ex-captain.
and with a more discerning experience they risk pity they have all show looks
more catch more fish
tel
dad
mariah
out
in her
for her